Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 16]
Why isn't she coming back up?
What are you going to do? Are you
going to pull her out by her hair?
Of course. Who does she think she is?
Should I check just once?
Won't Doctor Kwak be sad
if I have suspicions?
Yeah, you should check it out.
It doesn't matter who it's for.
Where are you going?
Who do you think you are
to sleep with Doctor Kwak?
Song Eun Jae, what are you doing?
I won't waste my life
with useless games of emotion.
Mind your own business.
Don't look at them.
- Good morning.
- It is.
Is it the fresh air?
I slept really well last night.
That's good.
Geez, that was a good sleep.
- Hyun.
- Hey, come here.
What is it? Are you going to
shower together?
Let go of me.
And why don't you go to a hotel
or worry about your dress code?
I... don't mind seeing this.
But this is a shared house.
What are you doing?
What's the matter?
I came because I missed you.
- Leave.
- I don't want to.
- Be quiet. You'll wake people up.
- You started it.
Let's sleep. Lie down. Let's sleep.
I have no choice then.
Here you are.
I looked for you
because I wanted to talk.
But you left early. Did you go for a run?
Are you okay?
Doctor.
Doctor Song.
It looks like she seriously
misunderstood.
It seems that way.
It's a good thing.
At least you know she's bothered by it.
Hello?
Who is this?
Let's meet this evening.
I need to talk to you.
[Doctor Song Eun Jae]
Yes, Section Chief. This is Song Eun Jae.
I want to change my ER schedule.
Yes. It's not that.
I'll take all the shifts
until the weekend.
Will you be okay? Isn't that too much?
Please do that for me.
- What is it?
- I have something to say.
- Is it work-related?
- No.
- Then don't say it.
- About yesterday...
- That's enough.
- Don't misunderstand. Nothing...
I told you not to say it.
Regardless of your relationship, or what
you did, it has nothing to do with me.
I don't have enough free time
to worry about those things.
Yes, I don't know.
I really don't know.
Father... didn't even show up
at Mom's funeral.
How have you been?
Let me take a look.
Hello!
It's this house.
Please hang in there. I'll do it
so it doesn't hurt. Good job.
Doctor, pass me the bandage.
Doctor. Bandage.
Yes.
Doctor.
Hello.
Doctor, we still have a lot to do today.
- Give me your gloves.
- Let's go.
- Does your head hurt?
- Yes, a little bit.
Don't you feel out of breath
and have tightness in your chest?
You don't have an appetite
either, do you?
I noticed you haven't been eating much.
- I'll get better.
- You won't.
It'll get worse.
These are all symptoms
of falling in love...
Excuse me...
It's not your first time, is it?
Is it your first time?
It is! Is that why
you're just avoiding it?
Don't avoid it, face it head on!
Love is a good thing!
Love is everything! Don't you know that?
And, I'm not sure if you've heard,
but nothing happened with Artist Choi!
I heard Doctor Kwak slept in
the doctor of oriental medicine's room!
- Doctor Song Eun Jae.
- Who are you?
That's right. I've seen you on TV
but I guess you wouldn't know me.
I'm Jae Geol's mother.
- I see. Hello.
- Hello.
- Please speak comfortably.
- Yes.
- Then...
- I'm Director Kim's wife.
It's nice to meet you.
Are you sick?
It's a chronic illness.
I don't have a very healthy stomach.
Anyway, it's nice to meet you.
Let's shake hands.
Yes.
Please wait inside.
Thank you.
She can't digest very well?
[Surgical Ward]
- You scared me.
- Oh my.
What brings you here?
Invite me to sit down.
Like father like son.
You're both so cold.
It's because of the villa, isn't it?
Yeah. I got a call from Mr. Hong.
Why are you messing with the villa?
Why did you get rid
of the perfectly fine door sills?
- Why is it under construction?
- Because I need it.
What for? Are you going to live there?
Yes. With Grandpa.
What?
Grandpa has palsy and lives by himself.
If I think about what he did
for us all this time
this is the least we can do.
Is this the time
to worry about other people?
Gosh, my life...
[DF Ver] Episode 16 Hospital Ship "New to Love"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Yes.
Give me some water
and digestive medicine.
- Why do you need digestive medicine?
- My chest feels tight.
So give me some digestive medicine.
She doesn't need digestive medicine.
It's not because of indigestion.
Ma'am, please lie down.
"Ma'am?"
We don't have time. Hurry.
Please take a deep breath.
Please lie on your left side.
Hold your breath.
I know it's hard, but one more time.
What are you doing?
- Call for a helicopter.
- What?
- I think it's a heart attack...
- A heart attack?
- This makes no sense.
- Doctor Song.
Call the coast guard
and ask for a helicopter!
You diagnosed her with a heart attack
with a stethoscope?
You can't diagnose a heart attack
with a stethoscope. Let's get an EKG.
I heard it.
I've definitely heard this sound before.
- Bring the nitroglycerin!
- Yes!
Yes!
- Follow me with the monitor.
- Yes.
- Did you really hear this sound?
Jae Geol, let's call the coast guard.
We have to if she heard
anything like this sound.
I don't know what you're talking about.
We don't have time, so just listen.
I'll call them.
You might feel like you are suffocating,
so I'll undo your buttons for you.
- Are you certain?
- Wait outside.
What are you doing...
We will monitor you until the helicopter
arrives. You don't have to worry.
Here.
- Are you sure?
- Positive.
There's no way. I'll look at her myself.
Jae Geol, what is it?
Doctor, her oxygen level
is decreasing.
Mom! Mom...
- She's not breathing.
- Mom, wake up! Mom! Mom!
- Get him out of here!
- Mom!
Let go of me! Mom!
Let's intubate her!
This is my mom!
This is my mom...
Charge!
I heard you diagnosed her
heart attack with a stethoscope.
Good work, Doctor Song Eun Jae.
- Thank you.
- Let's go.
Hyun.
Everyone left, so why don't we also...
Artist Choi, please stop.
Can you... leave me alone?
What's wrong with you today?
Why are you...
Where's your mother?
She's inside.
You...
- Did you provoke your mother again?
- Yes, a little bit.
You damned bastard.
So why did you go
to oriental medical school?
Did you want to rub salt into my wound?
If you do that, your mother's heart
explodes too, you punk!
- Father!
- What?
Doctors of oriental medicine are doctors
too? Fine, then what did you do for her?
What did you do for your mother?
You did nothing.
Are you going to keep insisting
that doctors
of oriental medicine are doctors?
He's her guardian.
The reason why Doctor Kim Jae Geol
couldn't do anything
wasn't because he's a doctor of oriental
medicine, but because he's her guardian.
- Doctor Song Eun Jae...
- Isn't it the same for us too?
Even if we save dozens of lives
every day, it's hard to be doctors
when it comes to family.
We lose our objectivity...
or become absentminded.
The surgery went well.
She's in the recovery room, so she'll
be transferred to a hospital room soon.
When did it start?
After your mother passed away...
did you listen to this every day?
If...
I had examined
your mother more closely...
I wonder what would have happened.
If I had given her
a closer examination...
and checked her condition.
Didn't you... resent me?
I didn't have time to do that.
I was too busy resenting myself.
I'm sorry.
I heard.
I heard that I'm alive...
because... of your mother.
From now on...
I'll be your mother.
Think of me as your mother.
Thank you.
Thank you... for staying alive.
Geez.
She's pretty when she cries.
Are you back to work now?
How's your mother?
How much do you like Song Eun Jae?
If you like her, take good care of her.
I might want to steal her away.
Subtitles by DramaFever